Added FAQ questions (#52)
radicle-dev/radicle-docs: docs/getting-started.md

  <source src="/img/macOS-open.mp4" type="video/mp4">
</video>

If you are installing on a [Mac computer with Apple Silicon ][as] please note
that you may experience issues as Radicle Upstream has not been tested on the
Apple Silicon platform.

<blockquote>
While we will be participating in the Apple Developer Program to ensure
accessibility to our macOS users, we do not agree with Apple's financial
gatekeeping and increasing control over application distribution on their
platform. Forcing developers to "pay-to-play" under the guise of a security
solution is an extractive form of vendor lock-in that inhibits the growth and

> accessibility of open software.

Reviewer: :ok_hand:

</blockquote>

## Creating an identity

> To create an identity on the Radicle network, you can use the Upstream client. After onboarding, it will generate a unique identifier — known as a [**Device ID**][di] — that's

Reviewer: I find this a little confusing. It sounds as if creating the Radicle Identity via Upstream is an alternative way of doing it.

I'd expect this `Creating an identity` section to be `Getting started`, where we go on informing the user about the onboarding and what happens in that stage.

Author: I see what you mean, I think the goal is for the Upstream client to be one of the alternatives for creating an identity but not the only one. I'll rephrase the language for now.

Author: ```suggestion
To create an identity on the Radicle network, use the Radicle Upstream app. After choosing a display name and setting a passphrase, it will generate a unique identifier — known as a [**Device ID**][di] — that's
```
